1. Also check how to retrieve attachments as well. (Click add option and explore attachment prefix and download attachments)
2. Able to get download buttons under binary tab in n8n get gmail node to download attachments but
   those are not included in json.
3. Din't find any direct way to get attachments in json. Skipping this part for now...
4. Exporting Gmail workflow from local n8n and importing to cloud instance.
5. Successfully imported to the cloud instance and able to fetch sent emails from the
    gmail account linked to the provided Gmail credentials by client.
6. Now working on Get received emails in the last 72 hours.
7. Trying to fetch received emails along with sent emails.
8. Search on chatgpt that can we get both sent and received emails using a single node and found
   that it is not possible because The Gmail node can search using only one query or label filter at a time.
9. Now creating a new node to received emails in the last 72 hours.
10. n8n gmail node is fetching 51 emails from inbox in the last 72 hours
    whereas manually searching in mail.google.com giving 44 mails only.
11. Checking which extra emails are included in json response provided by gmail node in n8n.
12. Got it. Multiple emails received one after another from same sender are clubed together and a number
    is mentioned showing the total number of emails clubed within a row in mail.google.com.
13. So, if I counted those numbers as well, it make a total of 51 emails received in the last 72 hours
    which matches with the n8n gmail node response.
14. Now working on: Filter unread or unanswered threads.
15. Got the following search term to filter out unread or unanswered threads: is:inbox is:unread -from:me
16. Able to fetch unread emails successfully!
17. Working on fetching today's events from google calendar.
18. Able to fetch today's events from google calendar.
19. Integration ClickUp in n8n workflow.
20. Sign up to ClickUp using vikas.sanwal1@oodles.io
21. Generating access token there in ClickUp.
22. Used generated access token and fetched all tasks under Team: Oodles > Space: Team Space > Folder: Projects > List: Project 1.
23. Able to access tasks with today as the due date.
24. Now, working on getting tasks that are overdue.
25. Done getting overdue tasks.
26. Now need to fetch high priority tasks only.
27. ClickUp node doesn't provide a direct option to filter out tasks based on priority.
28. Need to fetch all tasks first using clickup node and then use a filter node.
29. Checking if tasks fetched using clickup node are having priority key or not.
30. There was no priority key and I need to use filter node to filter out results based on priority.
31. Now here is a space for optimization. We are using 3 separate nodes:
    - to fetch due tasks for today
    - to fetch overdue tasks
    - to fetch all tasks then apply filter node for high priority tasks
32. Optimization: Fetch all tasks using single node and then use filters for due today, overdue and high priority tasks.